Synced with template and updated box version 0.6.0 (#36)
fredrikhgrelland/terraform-nomad-postgres: template_example/dev/vagrant/bootstrap/README.md

# Customize the startup procedure of the Hashistack with pre- and post start ansible scripts

You may put any number of script files in this directory for running ansible commands prior to bootstrapping the hashistack.

> The bootstrap procedure is included/hardcoded in your box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bootstrap procedure is included/hardcoded in vagrant-hashistack box.
```

Author: These should probably  be fixes in the template aswell
